PAHUTSKI LEADS NEW EXEC TO CONVINCING VICTORY
By Ben Pope

EVANSTON — A dominant performance by Bill Pahutski powered New Exec to a dominant 44-25 win over Old Exec on Thursday, further emphasizing the excellence of Delta Chi in all aspects of athletic performance.

Pahutski dropped 28 points and 20 rebounds, earning a coveted "doubled double-double," and Garrett Jochnau added 14 points and seven assists for an upstart New Exec team. Matt Fulle scored an impressive 19 points in a losing effort for Old Exec, living up to the storied basketball traditions of Patten Gym that date back to the first NCAA Final Four in 1939.

The two squads struggled to find their respective offensive rhythms early on. Crosby Shores opened the scoring with his only points of the game for New Exec — the only New Exec player other than Pahutski and Jochnau to score all night — but the favored youngsters held only a slim 5-4 advantage after the first quarter.

In the second frame, however, they began to open up a larger lead, with Jochnau finding space in transition and Robby Gray showing a knack for coming up with long rebounds en route to a 19-11 halftime advantage.

An originally sparse crowd filled in significantly at halftime, when a large contingent made their way across Sheridan Road to take in the grudge match. Both teams also received reinforcements, with Manny Rockwell arriving for Old Exec and president-elect Spencer Kost appearing for New Exec.

The new personnel did little to change the course of the game, though, and New Exec only continued to pad their lead in the second half. Pahutski's scrappiness in the paint paid off with numerous second-chance points while Old Exec struggled to find capable contributors outside of Fulle. The game's final minutes devolved into blatant disregard of even the simplest rules as New Exec cruised to their 19-point victory.

Alasdair McClintic pulled down 11 rebounds to lead Old Exec in that regard, also tallying four points. Teammate Rob Bell also scored one basket in the defeat.

New Exec will maintain their reign (on the basketball court) for at least one year until their scheduled match against a formidable Upsilon class next March.